{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff0\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f37\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Arial Narrow;}{\f38\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f39\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f41\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f42\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f43\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f45\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\f46\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f48\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f49\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f51\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f52\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}
{\f53\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f55\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f56\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f408\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial Narrow CE;}
{\f409\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Narrow Cyr;}{\f411\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Narrow Greek;}{\f412\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Narrow Tur;}{\f415\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Narrow Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid6520547\rsid12746537}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.0000;}{\info{\operator Andrew Ferrari}{\creatim\yr2008\mo1\dy17\hr15\min45}{\revtim\yr2008\mo1\dy17\hr15\min46}{\version3}{\edmins0}
{\nofpages2}{\nofwords1567}{\nofchars8936}{\nofcharsws10483}{\vern24611}{\*\password 00000000}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}{\xmlns2 urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:smarttags}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\deftab4320\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\donotembedsysfont0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3
\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale220\viewzk3\rsidroot12746537 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 013f}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\qr \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs40 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f1\fs40\insrsid12746537 License
\par Agreement
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \li0\ri0\sa240\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\hyphpar0\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f37\insrsid12746537 
\par EWA TECHNOLOGIES INC. LICENSE AGREEMENT}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\insrsid12746537 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \li0\ri0\sa240\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\hyphpar0\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs16\insrsid12746537 IMPORTANT: This is a legal agreement (the \'93Agreement\'94) between you (the \'93User\'94
) and EWA Technologies Inc. and its parent company, Electronic Warfare Associates, Inc., with its principal place of business at Herndon, Virginia, U.S.A. (\'93EWA\'94).  It is important that you read this document before opening the acc
ompanying package containing the software (the \'93Software\'94) or using the Software. By opening the sealed package and/or using the Software, you acknowledge that you have read this Agreement and agree to be bound by its terms. }{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af1\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs16\insrsid12746537 If you do not agree, promptly return the unopened Software and accompanying items to EWA for a full refund of the amount, if any, paid by User to EWA for license of the Software.
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \li0\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\hyphpar0\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs14 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs14\insrsid12746537 1. License Grant: }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs14 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs14\insrsid12746537 
EWA grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license to use the copy of the Software, and accompanying materials enclosed in this package (collectively the \'93Product\'94
) on the Designated Computer (as defined below) subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. You may transfer the Software to the Designated Computer provided you keep the original Software solely for backup or archival purposes.  \'93
Designated Computer\'94 for any Software means the single computer processor that is owned or controlled and operated by User and designated as the computer processor on which
 the Software will be used.  All rights not expressly granted to User herein are retained by EWA.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs14 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs14\insrsid12746537 2. Ownership:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs14 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs14\insrsid12746537 
 All rights, title and interest to the Software, and accompanying materials related to the Software, and any proprietary information contained on
 the media, are owned by EWA and are protected by copyright, trademark and trade secret law and international treaties. You acquire only the right to use the Software and accompanying materials related to the Software during the term of, and subject to, t
his Agreement. You agree not to develop separate software applications of any kind derived from the Software, the User\rquote 
s documentation, or any other proprietary information of EWA. Any rights, express or implied, in the Software and accompanying materials, 
and any proprietary information contained in the media are reserved by EWA, except as expressly specified in this Agreement. You must treat the Software like any other copyrighted material except as otherwise provided under this Agreement. You agree not t
o remove, deface or obscure EWA\rquote s copyright or trademark notices and/or legends or proprietary notices on the Software and/or accompanying materials, and/or contained in or on the media.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs14 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs14\insrsid12746537 3. Copies and Modifications:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs14 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs14\insrsid12746537  You may make one copy of the Software sol
ely for back-up purposes, provided that you reproduce and include all copyright/proprietary rights notice(s) on the copy. You may make copies of any of the documentation included in the Product for your internal use only. You may not nor may you assist an
o
ther to, modify, translate, convert to another programming language, decompile, reverse engineer or disassemble any portions of the Product. Except as otherwise provided by this agreement, you may not copy the Software. You agree to notify your employees 
and/agents who may have access to the Software of the restrictions contained in this Agreement and to ensure their compliance with such restrictions.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs14 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs14\insrsid12746537 4. Taxes:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs14 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs14\insrsid12746537  User shall be liable for and shall pay all charges and taxes (local, state and federal), includin
g all sales and use taxes, which may now or hereafter be imposed or levied upon the license or possession or use of the Software, excluding, however, taxes based on EWA\rquote s income.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs14 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs14\insrsid12746537 5. Confidentiality:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs14 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs14\insrsid12746537  By accepting this license, you acknowledge that the Softw
are and accompanying materials, and any proprietary information contained in the media are proprietary in nature and contain valuable confidential information developed or acquired at great expense. You agree not to disclose to others or utilize such trad
e secrets or proprietary information except as provided herein.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs14 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs14\insrsid12746537 6. Term:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs14 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs14\insrsid12746537 
 This Agreement is effective from the date you open the sealed package and/or use the Software until terminated. EWA and/or you may terminate this Agreement at any time by giving 30 day
s written notice of termination to the other party. Notwithstanding the above, if you fail to comply with any term of this Agreement, or if you become the subject of a voluntary or involuntary petition in bankruptcy or any proceeding relating to insolvenc
y
, receivership, liquidation, or composition for the benefit of creditors, if that petition or proceeding is not dismissed with prejudice within 30 days after filing, EWA may terminate this Agreement immediately upon notice to you. Upon termination of this
 
Agreement, you agree to then cease all use of the Software, and to either destroy or promptly return to EWA the Product together with any copies you have made thereof. Notwithstanding the remedies provided above, EWA may enforce its other legal rights. Se
ctions 2, 4, 5, 9, 10 and 12-16 will survive termination of this Agreement.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs14 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs14\insrsid12746537 7. Assignment:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs14 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs14\insrsid12746537 
 You may not assign, sublicense, rent, loan, lease, convey or otherwise transfer this Agreement or the Product without permission, in writing, from EWA. Any unauthori
zed assignment, sublicense, rental, loan, lease, conveyance or other transfer of any copy of the Software and/or accompanying materials shall be void and shall automatically terminate this Agreement.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs14 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs14\insrsid12746537 8. Limited Warranty:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs14 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs14\insrsid12746537  EWA warrants that the Software pro
vided to you shall operate as described in the accompanying documentation under normal use for a period of ninety (90) days from the date of your receipt thereof.  For the purposes of this Section 8, \'93Defective Software\'94
 means Software which does not operate as described in the accompanying documentation under normal use during the warranty period.  EWA\rquote 
s warranty as set forth above shall not be enlarged, diminished or affected by, and no liability shall arise out of, EWA\rquote s rendering of technical advice or 
service in connection with the Product. EWA does not warrant that the Software will meet your requirements, operate without interruption or be error free. Your sole remedy under this Section 8 shall be, at EWA\rquote 
s sole discretion, (i) repair or replacement o
f any Defective Software, or (ii) return of the amount, if any, paid by the User to EWA for the Defective Software. Any replacement Software will be warranted for the remainder of the warranty period for the original Software.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs14 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs14\insrsid12746537 9. Warranty Exceptions: }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs14 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs14\insrsid12746537 THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED \'93AS IS,\'94
 EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY STATED IN SECTION 8. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EWA DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF PERFORMANCE OR
 MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR AGAINST INFRINGEMENT.
\par YOU BEAR ALL RISK RELATING TO QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE, AND ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION UNLESS YOU AND EWA HAVE EXECUTE
D AN AGREEMENT WITH RESPECT TO MAINTENANCE AND SUPPORT OF THE SOFTWARE, IN WHICH CASE EWA WILL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION OF THE SOFTWARE IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH AGREEMENT.
\par SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARR
ANTIES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN THAT EVENT, SUCH WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD. THIS WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS. YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS WHICH VARY FROM JURISDICTION TO JURISDICTION.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs14 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs14\insrsid12746537 10. Limitation of Remedies:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs14 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs14\insrsid12746537  EWA\rquote 
s maximum liability for any claim by you or anyone claiming through or on behalf of you arising out of this Agreement shall not in any event exceed the actual amount paid by you for the license to the Software. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PE
RMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EWA SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR THE LOSS OF REVENUE OR PROFITS, EXPENSE OR INCONVENIENCE, OR FOR ANY OTHER DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR CAUSED BY THE USE
,
 MISUSE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF EWA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THIS LIMITED WARRANTY SHALL NOT EXTEND TO ANYONE OTHER THAN THE ORIGINAL USER OF THE SOFTWARE. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMI
TATION OR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs14 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs14\insrsid12746537 11. Support:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs14 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs14\insrsid12746537  EWA will provide technical support free of charge to the User for a period of thirty (30) days from the User
\rquote s receipt of the Software (the \'93Support Period\'94); such support will be provided solely via telephone and/or electronic mail during EWA\rquote s normal business hours.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs14 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs14\insrsid12746537 12. Governing Law:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs14 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs14\insrsid12746537  This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname PlaceType}}Commonwealth
{\*\xmlclose} of {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname PlaceName}}Virginia{\*\xmlclose}, {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname country-region}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}U.S.A.{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}, exclusive of its choice of law principles.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs14 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs14\insrsid12746537 13. General Provisions:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs14 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs14\insrsid12746537 
 If any provision of this Agreement is held to be void, invalid, unenforceable or illegal, the other provisions shall continue in full force and effect. Failure of a party t
o enforce any provision of this Agreement shall not constitute or be construed as a waiver of such provision or of the right to enforce such provision. If any legal action, including arbitration, arises under this agreement or by any reason of any asserte
d breach of this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover all costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys\rquote  fees, incurred as a result of such legal action.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs14 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs14\insrsid12746537 14. Export:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs14 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs14\insrsid12746537  You agree to comply fully with all laws and regulations of the {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname country-region}}
{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}United States{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} and other countries (\'93Export Laws\'94) to assure that neither the Software nor its accompanying materials are (1) exported or imported, directly or indirectly, in
 violation of Export Laws, or (2) used for any purpose prohibited by Export Laws.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs14 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs14\insrsid12746537 15. {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname country-region}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}U.S.{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} Government Restricted Rights:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs14 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs14\insrsid12746537  The Software and accompanying materials are provided with RESTRICTED RIGHTS. Use, duplication or disclosure by the g
overnment is subject to restrictions as set forth in the Commercial Computer Software Restricted Rights clause at FAR 52.227-19 subdivision (c)(1) and (2), as applicable.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs14 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs14\insrsid12746537 16. Acknowledgement:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs14 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs14\insrsid12746537   THIS AGREEMENT IS THE COMPLETE AND EXCLUSIVE STATEMENT OF AGRE
EMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES AND SUPERSEDES ALL PROPOSALS OR PRIOR AGREEMENTS, VERBAL OR WRITTEN, AND ANY OTHER COMMUNICATIONS BETWEEN THE PARTIES RELATING TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT.  NO AMENDMENT TO THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE EFFECTIVE UNLESS SIG
NED BY AN OFFICER OF EWA.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs14 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs14\insrsid6520547 
\par BH-SLA-01
\par }}